


A	The news feature is a feature where myIM3 subscribers can enjoy the latest news and the latest news. This feature is the result of collaboration with IDN times where the news that is presented is reliable and updated news for all myIM3 customers to enjoy.


A	The news available on myIM3 includes news on automotive, business, food, health, updated hype information and local news provided for myIM3 customers' daily consumption.


A	MyIM3 customers can buy Game Quota for Mobile Legend, Free Fire, Google Play and others at IMSTORE and customers can buy video packages, quizzes and packages with attractive quota bonuses by going to the lifestyle page and going to subscription and selecting your favorite package.


A	To buy Mobile Legend/ Free Fire packages or games, customers can top up directly by clicking on IMSTORE on the subscription page and buying a selected game package with the nominal and package. Customers only choose the package they want and pay with sufficient credit.


A	For information on quota and bonus packages when buying a games package on myIM3, Customers can choose the Lifestyle-subscribe page then click the best seller, and select IMSTORE. The package is intended for IM3 gamers where various interesting game packages will be attached to the page and each package will get a quota bonus according to what is stated on IMSTORE.


A	The missions contained in the Lifestyle feature are: Invite 1 friend, share social media, play games, watch TV, claim rewards, read articles and redeem points accumulated in the NEWBIE ranking where customers who complete their mission will be eligible to get a Monthly Voucher prize . While the EXPERT Mission includes 1x transaction on myIM3 and 10x Main Games to become the winner of the monthly prize draw, the Expert Mission is to do 10x check-ins in the first month and 10x in the second month to get quarterly prizes. Don't forget to check in so you don't drop in rank.


A	You must complete 3 missions at rank Newbie 7 Missions (voucher prizes), Rank Expert 2 missions (monthly prizes) and and 2 missions at Rank Champion (Quarterly prizes) Terms and conditions for prizes can be seen in each rank in the mission lifestyle menu.


A	myIM3 does a lot of promotions and prizes, from quota prizes, credit and gadgets. One of them is myIM3 World where users can enter the virtual world and complete missions, as well as collect points to become one of the raffle participants in each period.


A	Customers are required to create an account on myIM3 world and play missions during the current period, terms and conditions can be found on myIM3 World. The period and type of prizes are listed in the Terms and conditions in the myIM3 World games.


A	Customers can see the winners on the Gamesclub banner page, myIM3 World or the banner page on the mission. Check if you are the winner?


A	myIM3 World is a game based on Virtual World and Social media. myIM3 customers can create personal profiles, update status, chat with fellow myIM3 customers and customers can complete missions to get prizes in each period.


A	MyIM3 customers can enter myIM3 World via the myIM3 World Icon on the homepage, Rewards or gamesclub, where users must provide information regarding user names, age names. Customers can create virtual characters that are liked or personal. MyIM3 World customers can complete missions where the missions and prizes that can be obtained are different in each period


A	Prizes on myIM3 world, which can be different in each period, where mission and prize information will be announced on the myIM3 World entry page, prizes that customers will usually get are Quotas, Precious Metals, Gadgets, Digital Watches and the latest Game Consoles.