


A	myIM3 is a digital lifestyle application from IM3. You can get convenience and benefits in one hand


A	You can install myIM3 by clicking the following link https://bit.ly/downloadmyIM3, or you can also directly install the myIM3 application for free on the Playstore or App Store


A	"There's a lot of fun in the myIM3 application. myIM3 provides lifestyle features with interesting content that you can enjoy! Starting from watching free movies or series of various genres, playing games with prizes, listening to podcasts, discount vouchers from your favorite merchants and various other exclusive promos. Besides Of course, you can check credit, check quota, buy credit and data packages more easily and practically on myIM3."


A	As a new user of the myIM3 application, you will get a total of 1GB of extra quota that you can claim when you log in to the myIM3 application. Make sure you have an active data plan to get this extra quota.


A	Especially for new users, you will get a 1GB extra quota promo pop up when you enter the myIM3 application. Click take to claim your extra quota.


A	New users can claim 250MB every week for a month to get a total of 1GB extra quota


A	The 1GB extra quota will be divided per week for a month that users can claim. Users will get 250mb per week with a quota validity period of 1 day


A	Not only the 1GB extra quota, you can still get other extra quotas by joining the referral program (Member Get Member) or the TEBUS (Bonus Kick) game in the myIM3 application.


A	Member Get Member is a program from myIM3 for users to invite other users to become myIM3 users by sharing referral codes so that both users get a bonus quota of up to 3.75GB


A	The IM3 referral code is a unique code that is used to invite friends to install and register/login to the myIM3 application as a new user


A	The myIM3 referral code can be found in the reward menu on the myIM3 application or click on https://bit.ly/myim3-mgm. The myIM3 referral code is a code consisting of 6 random numbers and letters.


A	New users can enter the myIM3 referral code on the start page when they enter the myIM3 application. On that page, the user will be asked to fill in the name, date of birth and referral code (if any).


A	The maximum limit for new users that can be invited is 5 people with a maximum quota of 3.75GB


A	New users can only receive 1x invitation from old users or the maximum quota that can be obtained is 750MB