


A	Lifestyle features on myIM3 consist of myTV, GamesClub, Promos, Movies, News and Subscriptions where customers can do many things in one myIM3 application.


A	myTV is a feature provided for myIM3 customers to enjoy online TV entertainment. Entertainment in collaboration with Genflix presents film entertainment segments, namely horror, romantic, exclusive Indonesian films, movie marathon, Drama and Popular Series and Sport.


A	myIM3 provides myTV features and free movies with local and international TV channels such as MetroTV, Aljazeera, DW Channel News Asia and many more. Local Indonesian films (Alone, Arjuna, Hi Captain, and gensport) and international films are also provided by myTV such as selected Box Office films (The Glass Castle, Detroit, Stronger and others), all films which can be enjoyed by all myIM3 subscribers for free or paid.


A	myTV can be enjoyed with several choices of free and paid movies for selected entertainment, but don't worry, customers still provide many choices of free movies that can be enjoyed specifically for myIM3 customers


A	Gamesclub, the myIM3 entertainment feature, is presented as a result of collaboration between Indosat and owngames as the leading games provider in Indonesia, this feature provides a new experience for myIM3 customers to enjoy interesting game entertainment to play where games consist of arcade games, competitions and games with prizes such as myIM3 World. You can enter the lifestyle menu and enter the Gamesclub page and select your favorite games.


A	How to play gamesclub, namely by entering from the lifestyle menu and selecting the gamesclub feature. Customers can choose one game or play all games for free, where each game will get points in each leaderboard game played.


A	Several games have prizes that are announced in each game, such as myIM3 World, Climb Quota and Stonk. The prizes provided are quotas, gadgets and other interesting prizes. Prizes for each game have prizes with different terms and conditions. Customers can find information here. respectively located on the gamesclub banner page.


A	Promos are one of the features in the myIM3 application where customers can find various attractive promos such as vouchers, discounts from various merchants in cooperation with Indosat. You just need to enter the lifestyle menu and open the promo page to choose your free voucher.


A	Promos on myIM3 provide free vouchers that all customers can enjoy. Various Discount Vouchers / Discount Vouchers, Cashback, Free Quota from well-known Merchant partners. Each voucher has different terms and conditions which can be checked for each promo on the Lifestyle promo menu.


A	How to use Free Vouchers / Promos, which will be adjusted to the terms and conditions of each which can be checked in each promo banner.


A	Film features are features that provide a lot of film entertainment where these features are the result of the collaboration of the best partners such as Vidio, TrueID, KlikFilm, Genflix where myIM3 customers can find box office films and film series and are popular here.


A	Customers can find a variety of the best films, the latest selections from the Box Office and local Indonesian films. The Film feature presents the latest and most updated films that can be enjoyed such as VENOM, The Tourist, where users can access films for free.