What is Indosat HiFi broadband internet ?
Where can I know more about Indosat HiFi broadband internet ?
What are the advantages from Indosat HiFi service?
How do you plan to expand Indosat HiFi coverage?
HiFi Broadband internet package recommendation for residential customer
How can I pay for HiFi service
How to subscribe Indosat HiFi service ?
What is eSIM?
What is the advantage of eSIM ?
How to purchase and activate eSIM?
Is there currently a device-specific bundling with IM3 eSIM?
Can I replace my old physical SIM card with an eSIM?
Are IM3 eSIM numbers available nationwide?
What should I do if I accidentally delete my eSIM profile from my device?
How long does it take to download the eSIM profile?
Can eSIM be used by more than 1 device?
Are there any restrictions/limitations for eSIM? Can it be used on more than 1 device?
How many times can a customer re-scan the QR Code?
What if I lost my QR code? How can I reuse it?
I'm still using the old device, but the QR code is lost/ deleted, can I use the QR code again?
What if there is a failure while scanning the QR code?
If customer is going to repair the device, does the customer have to remove the eSIM from the device?
Will IM3 change settings on devices that use eSIM?
Can I move the eSIM profile that is already used to another device?
What devices can use eSIM?
Are there different types of devices that support eSIM in each Cellular operator?
What is the email sender that sent the QR Code?
What should I do if eSIM activation has been successful, but can't use for SMS, calls, or internet?
If I lose the device with the IM3 eSIM, what should I do?
What promos can you get on myIM3?
How to get a cashback promo?
What types of cashback promos are currently on myIM3?
How to get an extra quota promo?
How to get a reward voucher promo?
What reward vouchers are available on myIM3?
what is the Lifestyle feature?
Can you watch TV on myIM3?
Can myIM3 watch TV?
Can you watch news on myIM3?
Are there games with prizes on myIM3?
How to play Games Club?
Does the gamesclub have prizes?
Are there any promos on myIM3?
Is there a Free Voucher Promo?
How to use Promo Vouchers?
Can you watch movies on myIM3?
Are there any exciting movies on myIM3?
How do I see the latest news on myIM3?
Any news on myIM3?
Can I buy games packages on myIM3?
How to buy Mobile Legend/ Free Fire packages or games?
Are there quota and bonus packages when buying a games package on myIM3?
What missions with prizes are in myIM3?
How to get the prize at Lifestyle?
Is there a myIM3 quota prize?
How to get myIM3 World prizes
Where is the prize announcement on myIM3?
How do I chat with fellow myIM3 customers?
How to play myIM3 World
What is myIM3 World Prize?
What is myIM3?
How to install the myIM3 application?
What benefits can you get from installing the myIM3 application?
What other benefits can I get as a new user of the myIM3 application
How to claim 1GB extra quota for new myIM3 customers?
What is the mechanism for the 1GB myIM3 extra quota?
How long does myIM3 extra 1GB quota last?
Apart from the 1GB quota, what extra quota promo programs can users get in the myIM3 application?
What is myIM3 Member Get Member (MGM)?
What is myIM3 referral code?
Where can myIM3 referral code be found?
How do I enter the referral code on myIM3?
Is there a maximum limit of new users that can be invited to participate in MGM?
How many new users can accept invitations from old users?
What is the Bonus Kick (REDEEM) game?
What are the terms and conditions for users to play Bonus Kicks (TEBUS)?
Is there a time limit when playing Bonus Kick (TEBUS)?
Will the user immediately get the extra quota after participating in the Bonus Kick game (TEBUS)?
Is there a maximum limit to enter the Bonus Kick (DEBUS) game?
How long will the extra quota program/promo period on myIM3 last?
How to get extra money/income on myIM3
What is Kios myIM3?
How to join Kios myIM3?
Can Kios myIM3 balance be cashed out?
What are the benefits that I get when selling pulses and internet data packages through Kios myIM3?
I want information about 5G Service?
I want information about SIM Card Change ?
I want to check SIM Card Active Period Information
I want information / Network Tips to access services without issues ?
I want information about PRIME
I want information about Bill Payment
I want information about LIMIT change
Information on mobile prepaid starter pack
Information on Online Store
Information on roaming while travelling abroad
Information on IDD / international call and SMS
Information on VoLTE (Voice over LTE)
Information on recharge topups
How can I order starter pack or SIM card online